     After watching several videos and looking at a lot of code stuff on the Internet I came up with wanting to expound on this idea https://editor.p5js.org/tz1440/sketches/BSxNSEDXo  and I wanted to try to add music to the sketch. I also wanted to use multiple color palettes and color schemes, and I researched the Hues that I wanted to use. and labeled them generally as values, probably not the correct term, but that's what I labeled them as. They also had variables for colors with the brackets used to indicate arrays one for the particles and the colors. Because I knew I would have to call them up somewhere in the code eventually. I also had the variable for a number of particles.
    And then I wanted to add songs, but I wanted multiple songs, so I scoured the Internet and found out how to add a playlist as a variable. L I added 7 songs, I believe, from Pixabay T. I played around a little bit with sound, which, as you saw with my proposal, I had a lot of trouble figuring out how to implement sound into this sketch. So, I installed the live server on Visual Studio Code, and that still wasn't working. I then did some research and learned that if I push F-12 on most browsers I think it was mentioned in class, but I spaced that part out for some reason. Once I saw the errors, I looked up what they meant, and 90% of them said I needed to add a button to bypass Chrome and other browsers' autoplay problems. And I remember some parts of the class explaining how to create a button and they also looked on the Internet on how to find and make buttons. I wanted to make it a fancy media player-type button, but that's beyond my skill set right now. I think I just wanted to get a basic music player going. Maybe someday I'll come back and do something like that for this project.
     Some of the code I borrowed from other sites by copying and pasting and learning doesn't quite work very well because the names and the HTML and style sheets are not the same, so it doesn't really transfer it over with just copying and pasting. So I had to figure that part out a little bit better. Some of it is self-explanatory, and some of it I had to really dig into, like the math dot floor and random codes that I have for the index song index. And I've tried to add comments to a lot of the things I didn't know about, and I had to learn. With links to sources and inspiration. 
